Add lazer notelock & Ru translations on lazer gameplay diff (#13781)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Judgement/Notelock/en.md

## Prevention

From a mapper's perspective, notelock could be prevented by carefully choosing the OD value of a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) according to its object density and BPM. On beatmaps with BPM of 200 and higher, OD 5 and higher is recommended. For a more detailed breakdown, refer to the "[Avoiding notelock at high BPM](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/334458)" guide.

## Notelock in osu!(lazer)

> In comparison to osu!(stable), notelock was made more lenient in osu!(lazer) because the first hit object would stop locking the second hit object once the first hit object's time window reached an offset of 0 ms.

Reviewer: This doesn't read great in english. Needs a complete rewrite.

Reviewer 2: See if this sounds better. Please let me know if this is the actual behaviour of the new notelock, or if there still is part of the timing window right after the object is clicked late that is taken into account for it. Additionally, I'm not too sure about the `once the first hit object reaches __an offset of 0 ms__...` part. Could be reworded to something clearer.

```suggestion
When compared to osu!(stable), notelock was made more lenient in osu!(lazer). This was mitigated by making the timing window significantly more forgiving: once the first hit object reaches an offset of 0 ms, the next object is no longer locked and can be clicked immediately. In short, late hits from a previously missed object will no longer lock the note right afterwards.
```

Added a small summary at the end to keep it briefer. The .gif below should drive the point home.

Author: ![Screenshot_2025-09-29-13-44-24-42_40deb401b9ffe8e1df2f1cc5ba480b12](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0f5a0254-765a-461c-8e57-507484951242)
are you sure about it's "late", not "early"?

Author: > I'm not too sure about the `once the first hit object reaches __an offset of 0 ms__...` part. Could be reworded to something clearer.
I tested this with a two-note map, ar 0, od 0, and halftime at 0.5x, so I was sure that after closing the first note AR, the second one was immediately stopped shaking.

Author: > Yeah, "late" is correct here. It is making reference to late hits of the first missed note, and that those late hits no longer overlap with the timing window of the second note. Your experiment is not incorrect.

don't quite understood this, can you attach an example please?
